e
[Music]
is
wind break
[Music]
myed
inl gentle
[Music]
you are in the TR Crying
theing
by away we
[Music]
they stay the
same it's all
the clear
[Music]
SK
we do start again well I know we'll
this this
[Music]
the cing
the letting still go away we can be
so soent
[Music]
no thinks about the
motive another one
[Music]
knowth
scared remember
all feeling like
[Music]
the here we crushing crushing crushing
crushing rush now baby
I
just I'm
feeling
feel baby
[Music]
you me
cry
everywhere in
worldes got to find way out here we keep
crushing crushing
[Music]
meow meow meow cuz I'm meowing
too me
cuzow cuz we're just going to
meow
[Music]
right yeah now we're going
now
yeah now we're going
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow
meow we're going to
out of here on a giant cat meow meow
meow meow cuz we're on the cat now
me cuz we're on the
cat and we got to just me on out cuz
we're meowing forever meowing and meow
cuz we're on the cat now meow meow cuz
we're on the
cat yeah we're on the
cat yeah we're on the cat
meowing forever
now meowing
forever we're meowing
forever
yeah
forever meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow
oh right okay that was
cool oh narciss up next can we do a meow
cover of that no it's fine hello
everybody bad You
released wait I need
to bad you're
released from your present you releas hi
everyone this is so much better than
vaping you
fatty
um who whoever was on the [__]
Twitter space earlier that [__] gave me
such a massive [__]
headache I just took IV person genuinely
they give you a
headache Baddie said that it had a
headache Moonlight glow said she had a
headache every everyone they gave
everyone a
headache hello everyone
so wow we're streaming before 12 or well
just 10 minutes before before midnight
for me it's a miracle um why uh cuz I
wanted a [__] ton of time to play Red
Dead Redemption today because I'm
obsessed
um I can't tell if this if it's if it's
a Twitter space that gave me a headache
or if it was having to be on Twitter for
more than a few
minutes but the only time I use Twitter
is to like yell at people in my reply
section or to post a funny joke and
that's about
it
um so being on Twitter for an hour and a
half was probably just a bad thing for
you never do it it's Twitter sickness
the the Twitter
sickness um
but uh
we are doing Red Dead R today as well
yeah so there's that uh we get the thing
that bean made well it was a
collaborative effort
[Music]
actually R batt of the
locus Arya Earth
shell my sister might be dead by SE to
me I'm the huntress of Eternity real OG
in my hands I hold all matter your best
served up on a platter to Scuttle on to
a new sh before your old one
[Music]
shatter who
won does anybody know who
won Shelly
one sh really brought down the house
where was
the hold on do we have the one where
like I have to get it
from wait didn't I wait I I could air
drop it I have it on my phone for some
reason here we go
[Music]
she's just straight
asleep oh my God that's what hi welcome
to the grocery store have a store card
I'm in love with
you
what hiy
what
else could it be
[Applause]
who are these new characters dude oh
yeah I forget people are not on Twitter
good for you by the way if you're not on
Twitter most of the shit's like just on
Twitter
exclusively
uh where do we even where do we even
start with this [__] go to the Violet
Wiki is an efficient way to learn about
the Violet Pony lore etc etc
etc uh we have a character section it's
really nice
and uh we have a character
section there's
even there's even Darth
Vader isn't it
great but that was Kenneth that was
Kenneth and that one Kenneth is is
tyberius as fail girl
boyfriend do you guys like mousley do
you guys like my mousley
May's prouns are sir
Madam s is so
cool yeah the vi Pony wiki is deficient
is an deficient way to learn about the
Violet Pony lore I I'm pretty sure
everyone knows what Tyber is is right I
don't have to overe explain
tyberius look who's serving at
Blockbuster this was this was the first
time Kenneth and tyberius were like
shown ships
together which I guess is like
December uh but they've become this Joo
has become significant enough to me that
it's like part of the intro
now um
uh where is
it where am
I not that
stop there we
go it's the woke nuclear family the woke
nuclear found
family have them in the the inet it's
really
nice shout out Dex to those awesome art
great Kenneth climbing up the ladder
it's true he was like [__] nobody
like a little bit
ago I I
I I think it's funny cuz like up until
maybe like fish whisper like we kind of
had just all the same characters for
like years and years and years and
years it was mainly just Saturn silver
Violet Raina like that was really it
and so now ever since uh like fish
whisper we've just I've just like making
a million characters and it feels a lot
more exciting to me
now it kind of does look like Myspace
which is great I I'm glad it looks like
Myspace don't forget 328 32 is not a new
character he's just
dead actually actually actually actually
people Maybe not maybe not know this so
everyone who's heard like Mystic
Acoustics or knows the Starship
Ponyville Laura Story that I do uh
you'll know that like 328 is like
Saturn's brother who she was tricked
into killing and at one point I decided
to just like do a little bit of extra
art for him recently like a few weeks or
months ago and he like he like has a
boyfriend he h had a boyfriend before
they were both killed of course
he had dreams and
aspirations so
sad they they they doing some
[__] yes wait wait wait wait wait we go
to the Violet pony.com is another
efficient way of something something VI
the pony uh merch and
then like you can buy it if you want
to like you can buy it if you want
to it's
real you can buy it if you want to you
can even get it on a
hoodie oh yeah Caden's shower curtain
I've already said this on stream before
but the Cadence shower curtain if anyone
buys it I make exactly 1 cent in profit
and not any bit
more where is it there it
is because the prices they they make you
pay for specifically the shower curtain
is absurd so I made it as as low as
possible and in order for it to work I I
have to make at least one cent profit
for it to
work so there it is
helloo green screen where helloo doesn't
get green screen out by everything else
does still haven't properly launched
this yet will probably soon oh I just
did this one which is like
uh a reference
to a reference to the shirt that I had
when I was a when I was like a kid was
like 13
14 I needed to be like a as cringe goofy
as
possible fence oh I just realiz the
acronym fence no no no no no
no I just I need to I need to have a few
like cringe t-shirts under my belt so
like this is one of them and I love it
need me a Fed hoodie
Eads wait hold we can also get the
uh I making a comic series you can read
the whole thing on the Violet wiu by
going into the comic series Gallery
thing here are all the panels I've drawn
but most importantly
is is this
one where it's this is so much better
than vaping and then it's
the it's it's the AK-47 spray pattern
from Counterstrike
should we put this on a
t-shirt I hope everyone says
yes Kenneth action figure what the [__]
would he do he just sit there and be
pathetic
anyway [__] Darth Vader's on here
okay um
nice do I know Viet Pony
music that's the easiest possible
one oh catching on I'm the
winner dance head with the
[Music]
devil Anon nymph Violet Pony step remix
oh that one's pretty
easy
nice and
then uh
oh oh that's not going to work
I don't know what that
is it's not zacha is
it surely it's
not in the wrong key I think but maybe
it
isn't all the notes in this can still be
harmonized on the key of
zakara
so [__]
oh man this is
upsetting it's like from homeor or
Mystic atic surly
is it the
Watcher
no oh I was wrong oh I was wrong
completely it's h the
wisps from fairy
tales damn it
why does it feel like Cherry top but
it's like not Cherry top okay but it
is familiar
[Music]
feelings constellation
cradle a
f also the one we just did before
was V violet pel pel the 100 we did we
just did
100 city of the
silent
nice squid Galaxy I don't think we've
ever gotten that one on this
one such him nice
uh nectar
no oh nurture that was
weird no matter what 20 stop it
nice and the
winners well cool we've
done a hundred of these now
very
nice wait what did I just do
okay um nice that's yeah that's 500
tongs
math um I most repeats uh the dev needs
to put like singles on here I feel
because
there's like more a bunch of material
that's just not on the albums and
such I need to find metric I need to do
a metric for how many songs I've made
that don't appear on
albums wow is that the Moonlight glow of
Twitter space's
Fame hi Ro
Ramden if only
if only I was cool as cool as R ROM but
I'm not sorry for the
disappointment
okay let's
uh let's go cowbo cowbo
mode it's upside down
that's
good did I just turn it
off okay
[Music]
where's my thing where is
my by popular
request we got
it that's was the wrong
one her's like where the [__] are the
Takis here are the Takis they're are
they just become synonymous with me
streaming now I suppose
[Music]
do I even remember what we were doing
not
the overwhelmingness of this
game yeah I would say uh luas people uh
that's really unfortunate and I feel
like your best bet is probably trying to
find where they are and calling someone
nearby or calling a station getting an
approximate location but I don't really
think that you're going to find a lot of
like
support in a YouTube live chat for this
specific thing because like no one
really knows what to do especially
because it's like a very personal
situation I'm just it's very it's
unfortunate to say but no one here is
like licensed to know how to like deal
with something like
this
um really I would the best advice I
could give is maybe try find family
members on like Facebook or
something is something I would do if I
were
you am I on
oh I need to switch my
thing wishing the the the best of luck
with all
that without without trying to sound
dismissive because it is it is really U
I've been on the internet a long I've
been on the internet a long time I've
like been around this a
lot and no matter how much experience I
have it's like I don't really it it's
hard to know what to do you really need
to try and seek like
really the most effective connection
connecting
resources CU a lot of the times
intervention is much more necessary than
trying to talk to
someone most cases where people are in
these states of mind is like when
they're not thinking rationally to begin
with so you're better off trying to
find
like a way to
intervene we killed like 70 people in
the town of strawberry I don't
understand how our Bounty is amazing
$300 I don't know how much that is in
today's Mone it was like 150 years ago
someone do the inflation
check I guess we'll just go back
here I think I was going to but then my
horse
Ain't nobody got a
heart some animals have more hungry here
one
two can I get a few cents
hey
partner hey
buddy hey mister mister I never learned
your name I never
did you're like a brother but I didn't
learn your name and I said to myself
Mickey you never learned that Fell's
name now you'll never see him again and
you'll be sad like when your puppy
passed cuz you slept on it what what's
your name
Mister
Arthur
Arthur my uncle's name was
Arthur Uncle Arthur we called him on
account of his name it's a fine name a
strong
name like a
king you could be my king Mr Arthur yes
you you could
what didn't you want
money
$11,000 $111,000 for killing 70 people
is actually so [__] funny and it kind
of reminds me of like what it's like to
live if you have like a $10 million
house all right
then fine morning partner
howy
a miserable
hot like the
course let's go girl where's my real
horse give me my real horse back
who you still we from that woman you son
of a [__] come
on on
the think I'll have another drink then
go see your wife
are they dead do people just die in this
game when you punch them in the face is
that all it
takes I'd win
hello there that horse doing all right
if you want me to keep that overnight
there's room in the
stable no papers huh well I can't give
you full price on account of that might
be
stolen best to have a good saddle
that'll hold up
bring that back if you need
anything there we go this is my H I was
about to say house horse wait is
it are you my
horse you are my hor come on
boy my actual
trust you gut folks step right
up I'm really in the mood to Rob someone
I mean redistribute
hey
move hey they okay
boy you're all right
boy look at what we staged Dutchy dogs
buddy I told you he'd show all right F
let's introduce
us [__] God damn it
[Music]
move up closer to
him really I was not expecting that
[Music]
whatsoever okay keep we're getting let
to do
uh I keep forgetting to do dead ey
or rather it's like I keep forgetting
you have to be aiming down to use it I
keep like spamming the the combo and
then it doesn't do anything because you
can't do it that
way yeah okay boy
[Music]
maybe I should be trying
this the door
[Music]
wheel is that going to happen again was
that scripted or was that just
like random
for
F150 damn
it do not for F150 the dollar
hold
on I'll turn off the mic again it keeps
saying it's clipping on my end
but is this too
loud hey hey who's
that it's Arthur Look Who's Back
keep your eyes open for any trouble of
course
Smith hello
Kieran I live to see another day
oh Driscoll morning
Arthur keep your mouth shut you might
survive the week hey come on
you know Arthur it's the illness of
Romantics What is hope hope
is you already owe me a lot I am not
will I think I'm dying I
need I need if you are dying how do you
plan to repay
me oh
you are a heartless little
swine you're really
a it is for his own good Mr
Morgan I'm
sure
morning come have a seat Morgan we're
discussing ladies
Bloomers we saw Black Water there's
pinkton everywhere so no getting in I
don't think so not for now
anyway sming good over there
pears Arthur get off
hello good to see you
h uncle
glad to hear
it
okay so this like the only main quest
thing is this
one so far
anyway Misty
you did good in town finding out about
that train thank you it was fun well I
wouldn't say it was all
fun okay I'll catch you later then
sounds good
for
okay so we
will Trot on over here I suppose back to
where we just were
let's try not to get
attacked if we
do I love shooting people yeah
[Music]
and you can quote me on
that Ford
F150 is he
saying now I am a prisoner in The Still
Water jail I
[Music]
I like when these things for
F150
yeah
woo holy
[__] he's so strong
me when I skin a rabbit by just tearing
it apart with my bare
hands he's kind of goed for that I mean
rabbit all right
boy hey partner get the hell away from
me
EAS
Dam the
sneezer now why does that look all
suspicious don't smell
PR wait we can for def1 50 human beings
because it's
funny hello
hey hey let's talk about this Arthur
Arthur come lend a hand
here go ahead and call your mama for all
I care take it easy I got L Vago look at
that smarting him off will oh hell
wasting my time
anyway you know he ain't a bad fell all
things considering that man's head's
going soft in his old leg age you better
watch out for
him maybe try keeping your mouth shut
next time oh come on you'd all be bored
as rocks without
me okay
boy it's crazy like how real this world
feels like most of the time and then
you'll just get a weird outlandish
glinch that just like is so unrealistic
that just like tears it all apart within
two
seconds from my understanding that's
just a rockstar
way hello there
[Music]
water
pump I was about to press square to like
greet the Sheep I forgot that they won't
speak back to me not
realistic yes I'm sorry I didn't mean to
disturb you
ma'am is Mrs Linton and I'll go see
Mrs Linton a caller for
you hello
Arthur
[Music]
Mary I heard you and your friends was
around I
okay where's um where's what's his name
DED well I'm sorry to hear that yeah me
too me
too happened a while
ago pneumonia Bad Business
sure so uh well you've
been you've been made a widow and you
come here looking for me is that it no
ain't like that
Arthur
okay listen Arthur
I
I'm my
family I need your help you mean the
family that always look down on me and
you want me to help it's my little
brother
Jamie I always like Jamie at least
compared to the rest of
them he's broken Daddy's heart Daddy has
a heart don't make me beg you Arthur my
money my life me I wasn't good enough
I'm sorry we need your help real bad
little Jamie's joined the
chelonians that strange religious order
good for him they're quite mad Arthur
they'll kill him you're the only person
he'd listen to so I'm too rough to marry
into your family but it's okay to ask me
to help in saving your family sorry I
understand if you don't want to help me
but but I think of you often long time
ago now I'm begging you Arthur I say let
Jamie live Jim's life and not the
nightmare that his daddy dreamed up for
him Jamie's so innocent
Arthur please
Arthur will you help me yeah Monarch was
all about how Cults are great
where is
it somewhere out near cared Dell I think
the Rancher there said he'd seen him
around the Cumberland Forest I just want
him back Arthur if you find him bring
him to me at the station I'll see what I
can
do I'll owe
you you ready owe
me let's go boy
boy let's go
boy now we're going on here
okay this is where the fun
begins I'm sorry I didn't mean to
accidentally prequel meeme this isn't
2017 everyone get your [__] together
post irony is out love and joy are in
sorry I don't need to be saying that in
front of you
Arthur there a break in
there
no out
here that's a fine horse you got there
appreciate it
do people often misinterpret Monarch
constantly but I mean that's to be
expected
wait what did that say animals on this
horse will
[Music]
what testt your horse will decompose
okay animals on this horse will explode
Monarch
is a a a complicated story not because
it's difficult to follow but because its
purposes and intents are pretty like
complicated it's not the kind of thing
you can just engage with and like
immediately come to terms
with yeah it's something you have to sit
with and
like you're not always going to get it
anyway cuz it's just
like to really fully understand Mark you
just have to know where I was coming
from to know where I was coming from to
be
me so until anyone else is
me it'll it'll just be kind of difficult
lots of it's for interpretation and lots
of that's like very
specific wait arya's
role in the story or
overall yeah
help open the damn lock or give me the
damn key it's a Stage Company mister
help hey shut up get out of here act
like you never saw this all right hey
hey isn't
that
isan
open okay
[Music]
you think you going to die
novel I was going to leave it
[Music]
be I was going let you
rob now you're making me save the
Aristocrat mister I don't hardly know
what to say thanks I guess you've done
me a
service hey look the stage company's
going to write this off as a robbery
anyway if you can get in that lock box
you can take what you want from it it
ain't stealing if it's already
stolen all right got there
[Music]
right AR is BR thematically is to wear
Cadence it's
true Arthur get
Arthur no get down from
there sorry i m was there a
clarification as to what the ARA
question
was cuz
Arya is like
like the center of everything
essentially like everything goes back to
Arya one way or another
um like the main deal is there used to
be one Universe only one
world and when that world
ended it split off into
innumerable
uh infinite
universes and uh Arya ended up
being the like Immortal of everyone who
lived in their
universe and because of the loss of that
world they eventually after the shadow
started emerging decided to do the work
of documenting as much about all the
other universes as
possible uh
but Arya maintained like a a Vengeance
against the wolf when they discovered
that the wolf had been been
reincarnated as a
mortal that like
um that Grudge stayed for eternities etc
etc um
Arya I wouldn't say you really have to
like feel one way or another about them
because there's a lot of like good and
bad things you could think about Arya
which would make sense I mean my main
one of my main points about Arya is to
show that even the most what this
concept of like the most powerful being
in all of existence can still be like a
selfish [__] essentially
part of arya's personality is being
self-serving while pretending not to be
self-serving but part of that is like by
habit rather than
intention same thing with their powers
as they exert their their powers without
fully realizing it in sort of constantly
recognizing that they have this
position where they have to constantly
find new ways to prevent themselves from
causing
catastrophe uh so it's you could you
consider Arya in a few different
ways but arya's main goal is well
they're Immortal and so are the shadows
and all the demigods coming in from
other
universes and so with that immortality
Arya chooses to be essentially like a
historian of every universe as much as
possible
no one Arya Arya and the shadows and a
lot of other of the Agents of Arya are
not like fully
omniscient so they still miss
details about things which is why
they're basically always needing new
shadows and demigods to operate
throughout all the universes the more
ground they cover the more accurate
their archives
are so that's the main thing
and then like the main one of the main
uh points of contention for Arya right
now is this stupid kid named Violet
feather dance who just is the only
mortal to create a
world in all the universes which is a
pissing Arya off quite a bit this this
pesky this pesky
kid so feather Dan's world is like a big
the the biggest point of contention at
the moment for Arya and all the Locust
dwellers and the feather dance feather
Dan's world is where G4 MLP G4 takes
place as well so it's considered the
same
place feather Dan's world is where most
of Starship Ponyville is happening
that's where fish whisper was
happening Arya with a big no fun sign
it's not so much that Arya doesn't like
fun it's more just like if you've lived
for like several
eternities and things have gone
relatively smoothly on a meta scale with
no one running around the different
universes with unchecked power the
moment you see this
happening for the first time in your
entire like infinite lifetime you're
going to be like oh that's not good and
this could be a problem
oh yeah that's that's arya's role as it
were yep still confused okay that's all
right if I loot the corpses will they
get mad at
me I'm just going to leave it okay
f for def
50 and yeah if the Shadows are Ora miss
something they can't there's there's no
way to keep to yourself I got my eye on
you okay
yeah if the AR if Arya if the Arya if
Arya and the Shadows miss something
that's it the best they can do is
investiga of historian
history for example uh I think I have
Steven the seductive Turtle as an
archaeologist goes around doing like
Universe
[Music]
archaeology what the [__] is that sound
Move
Along didn't the other person say the
exact same
thing I don't need no new on the
road why red M what's
up
yep there boy
I don't think we've been in this area
before you're a good
one yeah you all right there
boy my horse is anxious I get
it okay there
boy no damn time for you
easy
boy Bo he might be
ring what kind of remains of the
universe leave behind in my lore I
uh in my lore specifically I basically
do the
whole uh
I think it's big
rip whatever what whichever one is the
inverse of Big Bang Theory where the
where the universe stops expanding and
then get the hell out of my
sight
Jesus where are
we yeah I don't know Big Crunch yeah I
think that's it
what is a big
rip so just basically what gets left of
a universe is
nothing it just Fades into
non-existance the expansion decelerates
and then goes backwards
oh this is a steep
hill I'm broke and free download feels
like cheating no it doesn't pirate
everything the the official Violet proty
advice is if you can't afford to buy my
music just PIR this it's not a big deal
easy
[Music]
easy actually even if you can afford my
music and you just don't feel like
paying for it pirate
it it's it's it's totally morally a good
thing everyone should own the things
that they have you can't rely on Spotify
can't rely on this
[__] there's basically no point in my
life where I'm ever going to be like
don't pirate
something it it's always a good it's
always a good thing like if you're
barred from enjoying something because
of money then how are you ever going to
even like recommend it to other
people if you don't enjoy it
yourself it's just like exposure to Art
is a is a very important thing and
nothing should stop you from being
exposed to art
um and some people might be like oh
don't do that with like smaller artists
though like me and speci it's like
you're it's
it's you're going to do word of
mouth exposure to the stuff that you
pirate because if you give enough a [__]
about
art that you pirate or well if you if
you give a a [__] about art that you
want to Pirate it then that means you
kind of probably care about it and if
you care about it very likely you're
going to end up sharing that with other
people and that's just like a net
positive there's like no drawback to
that
whatsoever like I'm not trying to
maximize my profits here I don't think
anyone should be trying to maximize
their
profits uh I usually like lose money on
Singles too cuz like I spend a lot more
on the art for those for those uh single
projects um I don't really make a ton of
money off of them like I don't I don't
do the sh to make the most money in the
world a de [__] cuz music is [__]
fire so yeah pirate everything
theology 100 years ago the Great
chelonian Master LED pilgrims across the
lanahassee Into the
Wilderness sh of safety sh safy safy sh
of safety sh saf sh safety sh safety
what shell of safety sh of safety can I
speak to the boy Arthur hello
son your sister is very
word the boy has chosen a path
sir the path to
truth
well I we could said them the F for the
CD ofage print so
yeah yeah if uh you could just you could
share the the image assets for the CD
thing cuz that's the other thing if you
want to make like a boot like CD or
vinyl or something that's that's totally
totally chill I'm super [__] tempted
to do that with the all the Savant
albums cuz my boy Savant won't release a
single [__] thing on
CD uh and I need that [__]
his sister just wants to speak with him
Arthur I've chosen a
path the boy has chosen a path he's
chosen
safety what path have you chosen
sir I don't know about this nonsense let
me speak to the boy d d are you always
this negative and antagonistic sir
I'm not a very cultured
man forgive me
please I am a fool for my God and a
happy one sir I bless
you what do I dream about who are my oh
if you if you want to use if you want to
use a different artwork for the cover
um I first of all I I'm really really
proud of the the cover that Glacier did
for for the album but uh there was a uh
a piece that baddy did that was
basically the temporary cover for the
album until the glacier one took
over uh I think it's at the end of the
booklet maybe I don't
know uh but it's it's one where Arya is
is like kneeling or sitting and like
wolf is in front of
them I think Arya isn't
wearing Cadence in that one but that was
like if you want canonically the the
work in progress cover for the album
it's that
one
[Music]
Heroes wait what did they
say I don't know what they
said I'll just say Turtles I have no
idea um turtles yeah Turtles hey you
love Turtles I love them
[Music]
too
um Jamie knows the truth but of course
you may speak with him exactly if your
teachings are so great what harm canot
do
I'm I'm not
I'm not coming with you Arthur just come
and speak with Mary then make up your
mind leave me alone Arthur I didn't ask
for your
[Music]
help come on horse
yeah that's my
boy wait I'm going the wrong
way how you doing boy
you okay
boy
[Music]
yeah good boy
okay
[Music]
boy sorry
Mister grass SS Jamie just hold up a
minute what are you going to do Jamie
live the rest of your life in the
mountains with those people they're my
friends yeah if you don't leave me alone
I'll shoot you I swear it what are you
talking about you ain't no killer you
don't know who I
am oh
God what are you
doing please Arthur I'm a man now I I
found something a calling you're just a
kid you're making a big mistake I'm not
taking advice from you you're an outlaw
you leave me alone they're good people
I'm warning you Arthur
Morgan leave me
alone please
kid put that gun
down I warn you Arthur I'm
I'm going to I don't want to live
anymore kid just calm down leave me
[Music]
alone
[__] kind
instruction I War you Arthur I'm I'm
going to I don't want to live anymore
kid just calm down leave me
[Music]
alone now calm
down let's go see your
sister okay
okay damn it's okay
kid have I been a terrible fool
Arthur I don't know I don't know enough
about
it but one thing I do
know there ain't no shame in looking for
a better world I missed you Arthur are
you and Mary sweet on one another again
oh no
that's all a long time ago
son well this wasn't how I thought today
would turn out it's been a long time
Jamie Gillis you were a kid last time I
saw you and didn't try to kill yourself
you know you taught me how to ride a
horse too well
apparently chelonia though really you'd
fall for that they were very nice to me
they're decent I'm sure please tell me
you didn't give them any money of course
I did they rely on charitable
donations Jesus Jamie come on I just
wanted to believe that there might be
something good coming my way one day
guess that's dead in the water with the
turtles shut
up all father kept telling me was you
won't amount to anything you're not
enough of a man I had to get away I
couldn't take you anymore forgive me but
your father's a bully and a coward don't
listen hey don't talk about him like
that what do you want me to say Jamie
he's your good father nice man he won't
be happy I saw you please send him my
worst
regards thing is he's right I'm not good
at anything come on that ain't true tell
me something you like um well um don't
think too hard apples I guess apples
yeah I love
apples okay Apple I was thinking more
along the lines of carpentry or horses
or something but all right go work in an
orchard then by that token you must
really like shooting and robbing people
I only like shooting young idiots who
run away from me when I'm trying to help
them
father told me what you do I'm sure he
did are you still with Dutch and what
was his name Hester Hosea yep still the
same sort of and Annabelle and Bessie
I'm afraid they're dead [__] maybe Mary
did make the right choice no doubt but
none of it is anything like the nonsense
you're reading the
newspapers so are you two getting back
to together I told you no how do I deal
with latency when recording vocals my
answer is not going to be exciting and
it's the fact that I don't monitor my
vocals when I sing them so no latency to
deal with because I don't hear
myself just asked me for a fa you know
Barry linton's dead pneumonia she told
me so the door's open so to speak that's
all in the past different people now
she's not and you seem just the same
well maybe that right there's a problem
she was always too good for me let's
just get you back to your sister she's
waiting at the station for
us yeah I have open back headphones
so all I need to do is that really
[Music]
in ail 10 there is a timing offset that
you can
use in the track options so I use that
in a rare case
where I can't adjust for
[Music]
otherwise but that's only in postp
production
[Music]
going all
[Applause]
[Music]
right when this game's like at its best
when nothing is going
wrong it's so
perfect easy this music and atmosphere
and the the dialogue and stuff is all
just like so good here we are she must
be waiting inside
[Music]
make it quick or I might run off
again
yeah so how are
you got no complaints that's happy news
you're nervous about seeing her aren't
you Jamie
Jamie come home please you've father's
been very sad father wouldn't know
sadness if it died in his
bed but I'll come home for you my boy my
sweet
boy come
on oh Arthur
thank you thank
you it's good to see you Mary and you
Arthur and
you
I've you're
oh you'll never
change I know
that I feel like the luckiest man alive
and I feel like a
fool that woman confuses me and plays me
for a fidd like no one else alive I
trust I will not make a god- awful fool
of myself once more
but somehow I imagine I shall
what's money
$114 my
name I think Arthur needs
food
partner hey there how do you do
good evening evening is it evening oh
it's 7
[Music]
p.m. you ain't wor do [__] whole damn
out of here you wor one
tree Oney big boy you see they that's
killing around the St of them
once well Buffalo now
Redskins oh know how many Red Skins are
killed but they deserved it they weren't
Christians so I send them to hell you
know I don't charge for Cofe
evening all you fools should thank me
hold on one
second hold
on let me just hold
on oh hold on
just hold on
okay got get me out of here
okay just need that out of my
system and also the Nolla does have
enough enough information for you to be
able to conclude that uh the
relationship that they enter in is not
one that is manipulative and
abusive but it is
[Music]
complicated part of the the part of the
conclusion you're supposed to recognize
is that
um Arya despite being a God so it makes
sense why they would be this way but
they if you can rotate F on your brain
you can save some situations High out
with your imagination if you think about
it uh the thing you're supposed to
conclude about or at least a partially
is that they have a like a God complex
in this in the sense that they think of
themselves internally as being important
this late into the eternities they try
not to act on it but it is something
that they inherently have as part of
their mental process and so for a long
time doing all the things that they
do they see a lot of their their
Vengeance towards wolf as being
righteous and it isn't until the end
where they realize that they had been
succumbing to this complex and that one
of the reasons they bond together is by
both being like mistaken characters
characters that have like gone down
Revenge paths
equally and wanting to find a way
to like heal mutually and try and be
better even though the things that both
of these characters have done are like
you can't really
undo cuz one of arya's things is like
literally cursing wolf to live the life
that she ended up
living
um and there are other parts where it
shows that there's there's a whole
there's a whole commentary on how
consent
Works uh in the story and that like
consent uh can often become like very
vague to someone who's used to being
hurt a lot
and that it's it's it's the
responsibility of like every party to
recognize the importance of like getting
consent and
understanding what it means to actually
be in a a proper like intimate
relationship and you you'll see Arya
trying to navigate
this um and also having to avoid reading
her mind cuz she's prone to cuz they're
prone to
that being a God and
all so that never happened right I'm
uh the attack never
happened yeah nice
it never
happened you're not supposed to look at
Arya and Wolf's relationship and be like
this is a model for everyone to live
by it's it's everything in Monarch is
messy and [__] up and like confusing
so you're not supposed to read it as a
black and white thing but I I will say
that it's not it's not uh
a manipulative
relationship the intentions of both
characters are are
pure even howdy
[Music]
think I got to be in there again when I
walk in
[Music]
here first time Mis watch your damn self
I got thck oh you think you're real
scary huh I'll show you scary and I'm
like come on little let's settle this
like
me you and made of a woman's t no
Arthur's
gay I'm always afraid I'm going to catch
my daddy around here you're so
right look out Mister uh excuse
me Arthur literally is the one doing the
bumping into
I mean isn't Arthur bisexual didn't
someone told me evening
sir hello s evening do you have a good I
mean it's it's it's Cowboy [__] they're
all like this
Mister so hello
gentlemen evening hey
mister hey
mister the Trap edit of sledge has been
in my mind recently
the what
yep do I have it
is this it
[Music]
what
would you guys listen to Wolf's
mixtape yeah the Kill Bill
siren it's I'm not going to
lie I Future Would spit on this let's Fe
on
those I don't know if I'm super with the
PRP of I want to get back to the camp so
I'm not going to lie next mixtape if I
do I would wouldn't be I wouldn't be
past the idea of using Sledge as a
sample
I just set a way point I don't know my
way around
here um maybe I could try oh no that's
there I'll figure it
out do this without a wayo my
immersion a v Pony vocal I have
moo but honestly shell is our Vocaloid
it would be cool if there was like a
mode for this game where you had a
limited map and people like gave you
directions that you had to like follow
yourself that be pretty
cool what is that
all
so no
[Music]
head who's watching
me oh there is head
[Music]
you poor
[Applause]
[Music]
bastard all
right time to go
boy Vine is endearing prequel memes is
Reddit
[Music]
f
someone's up
late 2 in the morning ass
[Music]
check it out did it without a way
Forint dude you okay boy
boy yeah you're a strong one boy
[Music]
hello someone's in their sleepy time
night
got your breath
Boy Bill you ever get there in the Army
huh Australia
sure I don't believe for one minute that
you ever made it to Australia well man
you'd be right I never did but I tried I
made it as far as
Chicago Chicago ain't nowhere near
Australia no but it's on the
way I always want to see one of them
kangaroos giant boxing rats who keep
their babies in their pock
God what kind of lunatic thought that
of that's an interesting way of seeing
things maybe we'll head over there one
of these days huh yeah start a new life
as kangaroo
Farmers well there's a dream we ain't
had yet
3 hours of sleep now that's sounding
like me
sorry I just think it's funny how like
this game has so much detail but like
space guy is just a
PNG
brat ratty good morning Arthur
so a fell in town recognized me from
Blackwater that's not good it's okay
though I dealt with it
anyway I won't disturb you okay
Arthur thanks for the sound
effects good day Mr Morgan hey there
hey if you could get me some leather
working tools I can make some rugs and
blankets and the like out of these hides
you're bringing in okay leave it with
me thank you Mr
pears Mr Morgan bring me some materials
and I'll be glad to make something nice
for you thanks Pier my table awaits your
offerings Mr Morgan yeah I hear you
if only it was in better condition let's
see what we can get for
it thank you
Arthur okay
so to John
okay
may well can't I play the guitar well I
when I was
fiskey over some Po and whiskey
like the waves of the Bay of the
bisy H began to Tumble and
Roar the face was as red as a
[Music]
lobster the fell and broke my poor
knobster watch was PI from my
fober I'll never get drunk no
more Resolve to try
it sck to
aate
diet
drink I have better days well tomorrow's
another day
[Applause]
check out these inlays
though that's
gorgeous those inlays on a classical
style guitar nless that's nylon
yeah they're wound like nylon [__]
Captain beart Captain beart is right by
the
way Hey Arthur
what you want Uncle told me something
about a
train what did he say Mary Beth
overheard something about a train full
of wealthy folk rolling down through
Scarlet Meadows just south of state
border yes need help with it I ain't
even sure about doing it come on at
night not too guarded it's perfect N I
ain't thought it through you stopping a
train pain in the ass sure but what if
we could force a train to stop well of
course we get a wagon full of something
flammable oil put it on the tracks they
see it they know they either have to
stop or die ain't no train driver wants
to be cooked
alive that
is kind of brilliant really I thought it
was St for you okay that is a real idea
I think that's the first time you ever
had one of them shut up up you might be
the first bastard to ever have half his
brains eaten by a wolf and end up more
intelligent so we doing it yeah we're
going to need ammunition guns look real
frightening and some Dynamite to open up
the train I'll get the supplies got to
head into town for Abigail anyway don't
even ask you go find us an oil wagon
yeah I know just the place they're
always heading into that Refinery
there's an old rundown Shack just over
the Border North of a place called
DeBerry Creek leave it hidden somewhere
near
there all right
chicken I'm hungry
a
who
that easy
[Music]
now any problems you shout out
Lyn hey
there
boy
wrong easy boy damn folk won't leave me
the hell
alone why is puppy man
hey settle down
boy what's going
[Music]
on easy boy
good
boy there we go now he's being normal
[Music]
how there
mister keep to
yourself
yeah what just happened to the
weather it was beautiful 2 seconds ago
there we
go what is making that
noise where did my rabbit corpse go did
it decompose that
fast corpse exploded you're right all
right
[Music]
hey I'm or godamn
Orris hey stop that wagon one of our in
there one down get
the hell yeah boys get me the hell out
of here
come on shoot the you want to go the
other
way watch
yourself here we
go yeah I'm fre I knew your fellas had
come better in the
gall I'm pleased to see
you I get over here yeah how about the
saloon huh you better be buying let's go
Prett ass first warm for your throat or
wet for
your let's all this
then were those all address goals
I don't think we've been here before
have
we here in specific I don't
know we'll find
out oh no wait is that the
place with the factory where everyone
just started shooting at me oh that
makes sense
a
yeah he know the
F that's good
boy I don't think it's useless
[Music]
no
hey you're on private proper private
property calm
down time for you to be on your
way okay okay I really am done now
got
Steel roax
hey all right
action oby or suffer the
consequences I'm a coming you're lucky
you ain't got front WI
okay
[Music]
I'm going to watch you
rock wait
[Music]
okay note to self kit get on Horseback
because you need to go in the carriage
part instead they're going to notice
immediately that we're there so may as
well make a [__] stink out of it
anyway I don't know if there's any way
to get to get in quietly
so literally may as well just be in the
Hill you ain't supposed to be
here yeah right now you'll be in a world
of
hurt why don't your father someone else
it look likeing oil
that can't be
good oh
well y
Here Comes oil all over your
neighborhood
[Music]
for F150 for
F150 wait is that D
yet oh dear
[Music]
guys get up not a big
[__] me eat my best thank
the horses are just
like come on let's run over a deer at
the tree
[Music]
that
works no back
is still leing oil
no Arthur up upy daer there you go
does this thing have like infinite
oil don't tell Jonathan America about
this one
B $10 for
what for what for
what am I just in the middle of nowhere
[Applause]
you can't turn me in this ain't
just just you robbed and murdered your
way across half the country keep your
distance got a criminal
here it's all lying I ain't never been
more than five miles from home you keep
lying you going to make me angry
boy I ain't done a damn thing
buddie what's your business here
stranger are they just like going in
circles with that
guy where's puppy hell if I know
every
time is it
hot not
really who am I right right
right B
okay fine be that way
he
[Music]
can you eat
it did he like
it I didn't see any [__] stats go up
we just [__] did that to did that did
that to did that
[Music]
this this Cattail
AR again sorry if it's boring that I
just like walk around and scare and [__]
but there's so much to look at in this
game just even even the most like Barren
environments in this game are like so
fun to just
[Music]
observe sound design
Mister how do
[Applause]
sir like I just feel completely out of
place if I'm in a place like this and I
just start going like
this like that's not just relax
[Music]
Florida Cracker
cow
mister
mister for a cracker
cow FL a cracker cow
Florida Cracker
C I see ladder I climb
was it worth climbing yes
[Music]
you okay
boy hello Roby
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back Mister all right take a
look it's worth buying I'll buy
it now where did you get this I wonder
oh yes people lose these all the
time very nice shame to part with it I
bet so old Bob Crawford was livid about
his coach getting robbed I was very
sympathetic you are a good cousin by
marriage Sheamus oh I try now anyway I
trust this a't just a social
call
Tomahawk give me
[Music]
that how how do I equip it I need my
horse with me I think
damn my
horse I might have to go to the station
[Applause]
they really need like a mid
[Music]
tier my back going go H
again hey there
partner cussed
bastard don't worry I'm just playing
with
you what they get mad
about is this
building door
come on you can do it out there you know
how stairs
works you don't it's okay if it doesn't
open leave it
alone where is a station I
keep that is a great BL
hey mister
hello Arthur so
kind fine weather AR
it is good
howy welcome how do you
do quite the Bounty you acquired ain't
it traveling mercies to you
[Music]
be fun if they let you actually like
hang out in the train while it's
going well I guess
they're death this is this
oh what in tarnation you think you're
doing
here
partner okay
there I hear some loose tongue crook
kept talking to the law so they made him
food for the
buzzards place is
going hello meow
meow free download Monarch doesn't come
with any met data yeah cuz they're W
files they're the master
files files don't support Rich medad the
same thing the same way other hey you
there can I have a
ward
okay now this little crow don't look
like one of ours those he boys okay okay
I guess I'll go there
well if this one ain't been riding with
Kieran Duffy this is a no good bastard
make him pay all right
die
please I need
help Dam help somebody help you
bastard didn't expect that get the hell
away from me
who
he that's
hit no more
hey mister
mister finest meets here from nowhere
else
good to see you
again one of the easiest ways to do uh
metadata stuff is um with apple music
you can batch convert stuff pretty
easily no problem we'll get it come on
now what's your problem
you walked in front of
me
partner all right we got a horse
back how is the
tomahawk there we go
these things so here we
are good to see you
back oh hello again never too soon huh
yeah
BR you hear about that old
Rancher death all right
way take
care meal is complete if it
don't me
the
eater oh that's right there's this
[Music]
[__] hello here for a ticket to the show
I need a ticket
please okay head on in tent to your left
[Music]
folks I'm going to tell you a morality
tale from when our country was young
that the settlers used to tell about the
woods of Massachusetts and the creatures
that lived there one summer a bear was
by the stream an old man wind appeared
and said bear I shall blow a mighty cold
upon the land and Gorge yourself on fish
and meet and go find the den then sleep
not for one night but for six 60 go tell
all the animals of the forest what I
have told you bear was sad because the
fish were his friends and now he had to
eat them but he knew to do whatever the
wind told him the animals of the forest
often teased bear and said he was slow
and lazy and foolish for listening to
old man wind you're talking to the wind
again eh laughed the rabbit I think bear
has finally taken leave of his senses
said the turtle and he's getting so
rotund that even I could outrun him I'm
smart and quick said rabbit I'll outrun
old man wind if he comes a calling or
you since you're into eating your
friends the turtle said if wind comes
I'll just hide in my shell then bear
went and warned coyote and pum that they
should prepare for a long cold winter
it's so hot said the coyote there's
plenty of time the lazy pum said well
there's an abundance of food maybe I'll
just D some in my pouch even his
squirrel friends made fun of bear they
laughed and laughed and squibbed and
squabbled chunky needs a nap fatty goody
Tes does what he's told bear was very
sad but he was a good bear and he always
did what old Mar wi told him he went and
found a den snuggled inside and fell
fast asleep
bear snored and snored for many days
when he woke up he saw spring had come
he was very hungry so he walked outside
as the snow melted he saw all his
friends who hadn't listened Frozen and
just ready to be eaten and that's why
the bear hibernates so listen to your
elders and do just just what you're
[Music]
told bro it
sucked that's it
[Music]
absolute Cinema I think you mean
absolute
garbage obey enlist enlist enlist oh my
[Music]
God good day
there enlist enlist enlist enlist enlist
enlist enlist enlist enlist
enlist everyone wants to start shooting
right now in
L good evening
partner how you doing
boy okay there
boy this ain't
you you want to keep this up you think
you're clear huh no huh with your godamn
you leave her beit I ain't afraid to get
blood on my hands
you're oh thank you that crazy bastard
he can rot in hell I think you should
get out of here ma'am
it's going to get bad at me if I loot
it I would do it but then the cops will
come well no
Harmon taking it out on them too
question mark
[Music]
you okay boy
what are we doing
here go on that and then
uh oh there's still
that I don't I don't want to see a mic
right now never really to be honest but
[Music]
you're a good
boy what
not
bad
boy he usually prefaces it with like
something else this time he just said
why what time is
it Pier probably dead I
sleep oh is that Reverend again
our just in time Mr Morgan
[Music]
when horn and Hounds the forest his pack
the Huntsman cheers when horn hounds the
forest his HS chear as loud as when we
send a broadside to M Sears as loud as
when wead
to come bule drink about and let us
our's and then my boys sa for more pass
sail and my for
pass come bule drink about and let us
mer be our is full
let
[Music]
to oh
Sailors oh
Sailors hell of a song that
one it's called a banger
how are you recovered from that business
in the
hotel oh yeah so we going to head that
bank I told you about we'll see
John I reckon that might be enough for
me you going to join me
here how are things bloody
[Music]
marvelous Mr
Swanson Mr Morgan
all right hello
Arthur All City for hery and all all my
world traveling and roaming around I
spot a fair Maiden so
lovely and gently to her I did say Hey
you won't let me ride your ring dang
do she pulled up her garment so scared
it would
s old Phoenix went boring you happy now
been boring six in or more till they all
from my auger so freely did po she
wiggled her ass looked up smil and said
bear down on your auger for I know you
struck all things on and on for a week
or 10 days my a Machinery got some
should have
[Music]
good morning Arthur it was a heap of
trouble but I got mik out of jail oh
thank you Arthur so where is he still
out around that way looking for a peace
offer in he said
you good Charles yeah already wishing
we'd left sea hanging from that
tree I know what you
mean that sound
all right my to start
Duty time to go boy
I don't to do that right
now
morning
red red
jammies no wor
John let get on good and you got
everything we need good I think we need
another man Charles I'll go get him meet
us H the wagon when you can sure see
Arthur ain't that dumb next time let the
wolves eat all your brain then you'll be
a genius
wait
wolf Mr Summers hi
there hey did you call going to join me
here
arur keep working hard like you have
been of
course I got no idea yeah good morning
Arthur
morning thank
you and your husband
is you well
de combination of beaten and sickness
did for him my deepest condolences
Madam and mine to you for all your
wretched
lives nice arm move
BR good morning
Arthur
hey you're looking good thank you
hey so that fell who was hashling you in
Valentine I'll tell you another time
okay okay
sure hi Arthur come here a minute what
is
it can I ask you you a favor probably
not very funny would you do something
with Jack he seems kind of down all this
upheaval can't have been easy on a poor
kid why because I'm your preferred
nursaid because he likes you and well
you know his father's
useless okay thank
you did
Jack what you up to playing anything fun
I guess you want to come fishing with me
fishing sure you're
right it's about time that you started
earn your cap okay good let's go get
your pole in now you do have a fishing
pole don't you I sure do Uncle Jose made
me one good well let's go get it then go
catch us some fish
[Music]
yeah yeah
I'll Mount up and lift you on when
you're ready hey
[Music]
boy all right let's go down so where are
we going just down to the river near
here you shouldn't go too far from Camp
oh okay you feeling better I know you
was a little sick oh I'm fine you're a
brave kid so just like you well I don't
know about Brave I ain't much of a kid
no more so your mama might disagree ear
and a few other women I guess what do
you mean uh I'm just talking silly been
a tough few weeks up in that snow I like
the snow
yes but not like that when are we going
back to the other Camp the one near
Blackwater yeah well we're
not this is our spot for now anyway why
I forgot a story book there we left so
quick well I'm sure someone can get you
another story book really
when we'll see got fish to catch
first right fast Uncle
arur all right
[Music]
yep come on
faster you see that de
[Music]
whoa easy all right this looks as good a
spot as
any where should we stand Uncle Arthur
down by the shore come on follow me
now kid here's a pickaxe I can't wait to
get
started you show me where Uncle
Arthur just by the water there you
mean first we need need some
bait I'm going to use some cheese
cheese bellier the better now cast your
line swing the rod back over your
shoulder and bring it forward in a
smooth motion use your rest now your
elbow
[Applause]
like that that's it good all we do now
Jack is wait for a fish to take the bait
how do I know when I've got a bite well
if you feel the tip of your fishing rod
just twitching don't yank it yet that
just means one's
nibbling if you feel a hard tug that's a
fish going for the bait so yank hard to
hook it
something's chugging at your Rod Uncle
Arthur fish on the line pull them
[Music]
in you see him fighting there Jack
that's when you got to be careful you
you'll break the line best to wear them
out first before you try to reel them in
look Jack it's a blue gill it's almost
as small as you we should really throw
these smaller ones back give them a
chance to grow up a
bit can I take a break from fishing I
want to make
something
[Music]
okay I'm going to pick some of those red
flowers I'll be right back
see that cast
[Music]
Jack there we
go now seems like he's taking a rest now
I'm going to try reing them in nice and
[Music]
steady oh this one's red fin piic not
bad fishing sure is boring Uncle Arthur
yeah I know born as
hell but then something happens and you
can get food for days really if you're
lucky but until then you
just sit and
wait try not to
worry it's good for you it's good for
you I
guess all right right let's see what's
biting
[Music]
there you got to stick at things Jack I
know you've got to bite a got one Jack I
see I
see what are you making there you'll see
it's a
surprise
[Applause]
what hey look at this and what this
necklace I made necklace for Mama sure
What a fine young
man and in such complex
circumstances Arthur isn't it Arthur
Morgan who are you yes Arthur Morgan
Vander Lin's most trusted associate
you've read the files typical case
Orphan Street kids seduced by that
maniac's silver tongue and matures into
a degenerate murderer agent Milton agent
Ross Pinkerton detective agency suced to
the United States government nice to
finally meet we know a lot about you do
you you're a wanted man Mr Morgan there
$5,000 for your head alone
$5,000 for
me can I turn myself in we want
vanderlin oh Dutch I haven't seen him
for months not so because I heard a guy
fitting his description robbed a train
belonging to Leviticus Cornwall up near
Granite
pass oh ain't that little one
oldfashioned nowadays apparently
not
listen this is my offer Mr Morgan bring
in vanderland and you have my word you
won't swing oh I ain't going to swing
anyways agent until Milton you see I
haven't done anything wrong aside from
not play the games to your rules spare
me the philosophy lesson I've already
heard it from M calendar M
calender he was pretty shot up by the
time I got to him so really it was more
of a mercy killing slow but
merciful you enjoy being a rich man's
toy dear I enjoy Society Flaws and All
you people venerate savagery and you
will die savagely all of you oh we're
all going to die agent some of us sooner
than
others good day Mr Morgan goodbye enjoy
your fishing kid while you still
can who are
they no one to worry about no one at all
come on let's pick up your things and
get home
it's getting late Jack your mother would
be worried let's head
back
what average
cop why did you lie about where uncle
dutches are we going the right way yes
bro
because well because those are
disagreeable men and I don't want them
to hurt him what did they mean about Mac
is he in jail uh no I don't uh think
so I hope he's just fine where he is
like I said don't worry about them world
is full of dis dis agreeable
man that's why you got all of us to
protect you from folk like
them now how about that necklace you
made you still got it right yeah I got
it
good what did you like fishing it was
okay I think it's a lot of waiting
around it is
I mean most cops are
wrong Kyle need to keep him away from
the
chickens where Arthur I didn't see it
[Music]
grait
out
[Music]
just I can run them over
there you are how you boys getting on
great we caught a fish and I made you
this necklace ain't that pretty ain't I
the luckiest did you thank Uncle Arthur
no Nate we had a good
time what's wrong nothing
just met some folk I better go speak
with Dutch okay hey you did Real Fine
kid
thanks we got a problem what I just met
some guys out near the river a fell
named um Milton and um I don't remember
the other Fell's name Ross Milton and
Ross and they are employees of the
Pinkerton detective agency and they know
about the train and they know here were
you followed back here no they nowhere
near here and they want you Dutch they
offered me my freedom in exchange they
did why didn't you take it huh very
funny well what do we do
now I say we do nothing just yet it's
just trying to scare us into doing
something stupid
we have turned a
corner we survived them
mountains we just need to stay
calm
okay oh that's a goop full
okay where we
at there's that and there's
this why I run along to one of
these see what happens
let's go
here just one of the side quest
things yeah I know you can open the map
by holding down the pause button thing
but it was opening up the mission
briefing instead I just finished up a
mission you got any
here
hey come
on are you relax we're
free we are
alive and we are free IDI so
enjoy is
good life is good you hear that Mr pears
life is very good sir why can't I get
out my horse come on now boy okay I can
get on my
horse there he is morning other
[Music]
question is why didn't Arthur just shoot
them he has Dead Eye actually what's the
Dead
Eye yeah he has Dead Eye come on now
yeah there
[Music]
boy hey
partner out
yeah you all right there
boy M easy
easy L May you think you're so
great rting
around nope hey mister I just want to be
left alone all
right a sentiment I'm familiar with fair
enough
kid holding hands with that
dumb who i
k you wait Li mate
yeah I'll show you for F150 for for for
for for bo bo okay they ran
away gives off Kenneth Vibes [__] he
kind of
does
for forth
no don't go off the path
[Music]
who who who
it's also amazing that these trees don't
look like copy and past like each one is
so F4
F150 is so easy boy
[Music]
I'm going the wrong
way slow
up is that
Robert it is
ah seor I think maybe we see if last
time was luck
huh I'm feeling good today way what do
you say about uping the anti this time
make it
interesting why not I'm feeling good too
H okay my friend let's do it just like
the last time okay who can shoot the
most bottles just draw your gun and aim
when you're ready all right
[Music]
easy
man
yeso you just got
lucky if that makes you feel better
sure oh that was damn
pathetic how about another round huh
race Stakes all right let's do it ah aha
that's a good call
Amigo just like before me Amigo you
shoot four birds out of the sky before
me you win stand near me and as soon as
they come out it's anyone's shot be
patient ah there they go shoot
oh come on
oh man stupid
stupid that's good shooting I
guess ah here it is okay man of my
word appreciate it
sure better watch all next time you'll
see for
[Music]
okay
B damn all my all my Crow carcasses be
poor let's go
boy I only got to one up that guy though
that
all right we got a bounty of 300
[Music]
here good boy
the sludge bits are exhausting to play
but they're not
like melodically
difficult it's it's it's stamina rather
than Precision
playing That's my
boy good
puppy there
boy can't tell if they're following me
or hey partner
that's hey there
partner okay I think it's fine
stop Arthur that's good
[Music]
easy
wo pretty
flowers got watch out for cops in this
area it's a little hard to tell if
they're cops until we're super
close I think it shows like a red
rainbow for the cops
right also this is a pretty Valley
oh do I try this
get the hell
[Music]
back nice
come and
now it's time for some uh salted
venison right bro come
on you love that [__]
[Applause]
now go ahead and skin the bear within
two
seconds cuz you can somehow do that
finally come on
pal is there a Trapper nearby now is a
huh there
I want to run over
there cuz last time I didn't I didn't
get to cash in this [__] bear skin
yeah it simply
disappeared okay there boy
I'm going to merge without looking
how you doing
boy Arthur you don't look so good
man for for for for for for for wait
where'd it
[Music]
go yeah
there
boy so up
now you okay boy
why is there
[Music]
red
cops you're a good
boy Bor
foror they're so
Nimble That's my
boy yeah you all right there boy
you always relax
good to see you again oh what do you
have for me
okay let's take a look at
it
$3 pleasure doing business with
[Music]
you that was
$3 for
that I'm not mad the other one was 6
got3
fall where were we were over all the way
over here
yeah no we over here
did it move wait I'm
confused where we just over here was I
going over here
whatever there now
there we
go oil
yeah that's [__]
boy hey mister help me my horse died and
I'm stuck here uh you got to help me
mister
come
on take long how about we skip the small
talk
[Music]
eh allce let's try
now how does that remove my honor
huh time to go boy
good did we really come
[Applause]
okay hey mister
howdy I'm sorry
boy
for
[Music]
for good
boy oh
yep it was
resilience how dare it be so
[Music]
resilient what the
hell what the
hell I get it man
this shit's built for
tough okay
there oh I don't like
this you okay boy
[Music]
is that a cop
ring keep moving
yeah you're okay boy
[Music]
oh them's
cops for for
for good boy
w
[Music]
easy
now there boy
[Music]
easy boy easy
boy for
[Music]
there
boy
yeah I don't exactly know where we're
going or what we we going to look at
but it's one of the
Outlaws I guy told us I want to do one
up here cuz haven't been here
before
yeah welc back into the snowy
easy
there easy
boy you all right
I guess I better go back cuz it's so
cold I don't quite know how to change my
clothes
I except for the
ones you okay
[Music]
legendary animal
territory that's certainly a tree
[Music]
good
boy so I
yeah
okay I have to come back when when I
have like warmer clothes question
mark all the way up
there okay
we're so
far I guess still go do the [__] mic
thing I suppose
I swear we were over here though and
then I moved all the way up here or
something like that I don't
know you're good
[Music]
whoa easy
I could do
it maybe I will
yeah there always be Raw
thr
up hey we were here before
huh right the start of the
game where the wheel broke off
yeah there
boy easy
[Music]
easy what this me
all
right you stop right there or we'll
shoot
you got it jump down off that
horse all right fellas let's not do
anything Hasty I ain't for asking again
Get Down Easy I'm getting
down h how about you get them hands
up
smiing who's talking now huh
[Music]
I brush my
horse I feed my
[Music]
horse
yeah eat this
boy
yeah goodbye
what
the what
how you doing
boy [__] is
that
[Music]
oh easy wo
now only skin
it
okay just give me a minute
boy what does it want
Pig disassembly
tutorial okay there boy
was this where that one engagement
happened where I shot
everybody hey there can I help you just
taking a
look we're with the apple seed Timber
Company head
foran we're still getting started on
this site but we should have some fine
Big Valley lumber for sale very soon if
you're interested oh keep that in mind
we should be further along by now but
what can you do look at these dos
there's not a brain between them listen
you got any supplies for sale food
medicine starting to run low and I can't
spare anyone to go into town not the way
things are going I'd be happy to pay
premium for
them do you want the Salted aul
[Music]
appreciate it that should help keep us
going nice
of course
yes there my boy
how do I manage to get myself show up
now
[Music]
you okay boy
Hey Arthur good to see you why you want
to rescuing again
dear no I got a plan to make it up to
you a plan like the Blackwater Fair job
or like you going off scouting and
ending up in jail Dutch said you was a a
big shadow cast by a tiny tree I don't
even know what that means I thought you
was a tough boy not one of those
gentlemen trying to protect his riding
clothes I just know whenever things get
real you turn yellow lose your head
yellow sure seems that way so I guess
you won't be riding with me to rob the
banking coach comes about this time in
the strawberry I heard one of the
O'Driscoll boys yapping about it while I
was inside you and me do robbery that's
what I said didn't I after you
come on I know an Overlook where we can
watch for them coming
in what are you doing anyway camping out
here like some crazy hermit can't
exactly stay in town now can I and like
I told you I ain't going back to Dutch
without a piece offering so what's the
deal with this coach what do you mean
comes through about this time every day
like I said the end I mean how many men
guns Riders nothing serious it'll be
fine I heard the banks been hiring every
trigger man they can get of late the
meaner the better you worry too much
forgive me if I ain't wholly faithful in
something in odris told you when you was
half drunk in a jail cell he kept
yapping about it saying how they've been
hitting it on the regular that's a good
lead in my book damn old trisc are
everywhere now the bastards got a hold
of MOA Big Valley heard they took over
some big Ranch north of
here how the hell you and Lenny end up
down here anyway oh you know how it is
few loose ends drink here drink there
what lose s nothing that needs to
concern you do I always pay my share it
concerns me when you put us in danger
and we don't realize till it's too late
like that move you pulled in Strawberry
making me kill half the town Just For
Your Precious guns precious they are you
need to roll a little looser Morgan
looser I've seen you come full on done
more than once now and you only been
running with us a few months are we
going to rob this coach or biger about
it what's done is done guess we're
robbing it then let's do it
[Music]
easy boy
he is going as slow as humanly
possible all right this is the spot hold
up on this
Ridge they should be here in a little
bit hold tied which way will they be
coming in should be from over there we
need to hit them fast before they get
into time
just don't lose your head this time of
course tough
guy they should be here any man
it look there they are right on time get
covered up come
on ride
this is a robbery stop that coach right
now not again you sons of [__] got
him
down sorry it's p fell
see I told you this
before this is fun for
you what you bastard
you and me
Morgan who are they pistol
what horse wait
horse oh oh no
oh so sad oh that's unfortunate how do I
keep it this way
this is a robbery stop that coach right
now not again you sons of [__] got
him
down what do we
pay yeah help me out here Morgan
I got you there you sons of
[__] see I told you this to be fun
Morgan this is fun for you
yeah what you shoot those bastards
it's just the driver left come on hurry
get up I'll
drive no need to keep your face covered
now it's just you and me
sweetheart I'll give it to them they put
up half a f at least yeah bck come on
boy
[Music]
H here find new rifle
too here you go Arthur from me to you
that's more your style than
mine you wouldn't wait to turn off there
what did I tell you like licking butter
off a knife something like that you
don't want to just break it open here be
done with it could be more than we can
carry
and might be the second crew of riders
tail oh he's driving I not to mention we
arve back in with a big take and a new
wagon to boot Dutch you can't say we
ain't pulling our weight no more can he
I ain't sure I trust this new actor
yours one bit listen I know we got off
on the wrong foot but I got no beef with
you I reckon we're a lot Alik you and me
now hold up there Dutch knows I'm a fell
that gets things done same as you gets
things done [__] now we're being run get
across the
river what the
hell come on Arthur get out of there you
dumb
bastards damn you okay I think so just
keep your head off let's finish
him they're God Dam crystals I can see
that careful there
Morgan will [__] on you're
dead let's
get here come more of
them hold them I'm going to find your
godamn and somebody send out a man for
me to
fight let
look out Morgan taret coming down the
track way
out let's get the hell out of here look
at the cowards they're running
away that'll show him why is it every
job I do with you ends in a pile of dead
bodies since when did you have a problem
killing o'driscolls huhuh you've got a
point let's Strip This coach then it
clearly ain't going nowhere now you know
we should really pick up a lock breaker
one of these days save ourselves some
bullets yeah because saving bullets is
such a concern yours let's take what we
can and get the hell out of here that
lock should shoot off easy enough I'll
give you the honors on account of well
this little
mess that should do
it come on let's see if all this was
worth all I see is you me a river full
of dead o driscolls and a lock
boox I'd say we're golden here Morgan
look at
that what's the cut here this good just
make sure the gang gets its peace yeah
yeah like I said big Shadow tiny tree
and like I said that still don't mean
nothing now get out of here you see
Dutch make sure you ain't followed I
know boss I know it's been
fun oh damn that's
money was that $1,200
[Applause]
all right horse yes hey boy we it out of
here it's there
again it's not this one it's something
else
wait what is
this oh I see it's something else
okay
okay do we help
him
[__] I'm on hes
[Music]
yeah you all right there
boy
[__] the thing was begging to get run
over yeah
okay there
boy wait that's not up in the uh cold
part is
it that should be fine cuz we were like
over here when it got cold I
think you okay
boy that's sh boy
there boy
[Music]
that's good boy
n that's coming from
there it's a Westerly so or is it an
easterly we're fine we're fine long as
it doesn't pick up we're fine hello
again
hello oh hello how are you sir ah Morgan
Mr Morgan I'm sorry my my nerves I'm not
quite the outdoor Adventurer I thought
this is God's own country and I feel I'm
in purgatory I know the feeling oh I
hope not what you trying to take some
pictures of huh some more greedy coyotes
no wolves
wolves you really are trying to get
yourself eaten oh I hope not I left the
meat over there I thought I'd be safe
giveing the wind yeah sure if you
managed to attract the world's least
intelligent wolf well I I I'll stay with
you a while anything comes I'll protect
you as needed you are a gentleman you
don't know me very well well to me
you're a gentleman usually I'm worse
than the Wolves you had many dealings
with Wolves Mr Morgan sure but you've
never been eaten not through lack of
trying on their part A while back I
helped a friend from getting
devoured usually they are not great fans
of man don't blame them me neither hey
sh here's one looks like we got
company yes yes there they are in the
please now don't do it anything I'm
going to take a few
photographs come on come
on good boys hungry boys come
on stay back stay back can't have a man
in the frame they'd think it's staged it
sort of is look at them magnificent
creatures especially when clawing at
your eyeballs come on stay still my
beauties
[Music]
my they don't seem to be fans of modern
technology on the other hand looks like
they may be fans of
[Music]
you please
don't you want
wolf you got wolf Mr
[Music]
Mason fuing
help away
away don't cack mes they ain't so very
friendly are
they hey is that all of them we might
have kept the wolves from the door
help my whole few times existence
flashed before my eyes yeah they can be
pretty
aggressive what a way to literally a
dog's
dinner still worse things happen at Sea
do they well I
imagine perhaps wolves do better at Sea
are they good swimmers well who
knows you have saved my poor foolish
skin once again don't mention it well I
can't begin to repay my debt of
gratitude but no I am eternally in your
debt I do Mr Mason I do you take care
now and you too
sir he even fit on the
thing oh relax
on top of the P got my eye in today
boy time to go
boy good
boy
okay
let's maybe get out of here
let try not run into any trouble on the
way
[Music]
out how you doing boy
okay
boor yeah
you're okay
boy yeah
forward no not to
die
I'm looks like you're just
burning good
[Music]
boy for NOP I keep getting a
excited
yeah I know you're close I feel tickling
the
Brites goddamn chinan man tell me this
map will have
treasure sweet Juniper and boiled Satan
you scared me boiled Satan yeah I get
that a lot
so what's that you got there you ain't
interested in no scrap paper it's
nothing just something for wiping and
sniffing in the night yeah well I got to
go now hey why the hurry
partner I got a hot tail don't you
follow me
now okay okay fell
yeah chat do I Rob
him be on your way get out of
man only my special friends get so close
to me do you want to be my special
friend hey there partner I Don't Need No
New Friends on the road get lost
there
boy why not take what is it
yours ownership is
subjective
easy easy
[Music]
y just real the blood on his back is dy
for F-150 for
F150 we're so small
[Music]
good
[Applause]
[Music]
boy easy boy
wait can you dead eye with the with the
[Music]
bow that's a yes
that was kind of [__] fire I'm not
going to
lie that's my
boy imagine I bringing the bow into a
firefight it actually might be
effective actually I wonder if the bow
is good for like silent takedown stuff
too there's only like one or two people
one out there
[Music]
H yeah
you're a good
[Music]
boy we're close
there boy hey who's that Arthur coming
in good to see you back
Arthur easy easy
arur yeah how you
what listen we're going to be okay if
you say so what about the money back at
black waterer now is not the time for
doubters I ain't a doubter nor believer
I ain't nothing so you keep
saying next time
Arthur try
Faith
try
Faith you don't have to talk to me about
faith I don't
no okay I'll catch you later then
Jack you are a sad look at those clones
you
huh I'm
sorry it's okay
Mark I ain't much of a mother I'm sorry
I I'll get some money and get you some
new
ones Mr morg bring me some materials and
I'll be glad to make something nice for
you
perfect wolf
carcass I'll keep my eye out for some
good
materials good we really needed
this hopefully this will help a
bit thank you Arthur
[Music]
all right let's see what we got good job
Mr
Morgan who's up for playing poker Count
Me
In My mama taught me how to play
this been looking forward to this all
week to be honest
there oh I am not so easy to deceive
um all
[Music]
right that's it is it looking all right
here huh
I bet better better go all
in there's no way you got all
that all right again all in Let us hope
fortune favors the brave
fult come on
looks like I better go all in let's
hope Fortune fever the
brim huh
okay I always feel like the I'm not so
easily to
see are especially stacked against me
when I play with you Strauss it is a
game of pure chance Mr Morgan yeah I bet
you can name the last 20 cards well of
course you have to pay some
attention
nah
nah I shall call I
think that's all I got
um
no I know ain't too exciting how about
this I am calling you oh I'm getting a
call
uh how about that let's start with
this we got ourselves a real
[Music]
player I
like I'mma play slow at least it's
[Music]
something that's all oo real exciting
stuff
yeah
no Willam huh all
mine yeah good job D you got this let's
hope fortune favors well what do we have
here oh damn you ah Justice planned wait
I wait I thought Pearson just won all of
it what just
happened no no next time I
[Music]
suppose
okay no thank you
what there we
go yeah I know pretty pathetic what's
thats from your
mama that's
it how about we do this
okay
oh how do I call all
in oh wait that's a
lot got excited let's Harry this along
shall we that's what I got
that's a bluff If Ever I seen
one oh wait what's going
on I just a little
wager here's some
crumbs here's some
crumbs oh you're
fun
[Music]
H so here what just happened w real
good well [__] yes come on here I should
have gone all
in nice excuse
me gambling Miss
Grimshaw we uh we are the
gamblers excellent news
like in case the cops try
to get
me gambling my
beloved stop these
increments how's it
going I'm good all right for
sure keep it
coming yeah that's all for me though
how are
things uh so so come on keep your chin
up
nice for
I to see again what does he look like
shav
oh that's
scary oh it's
scary stop
it hello re
okay what are we up
to over
here I'll check this out
here come on now boy
feel like I should also buy provisional
things where's the nearest civilization
that's a bit over here maybe we'll
triangulate who knows
okay there
boy switched my lighting really quickly
y
[Music]
did I pick that I didn't pick up the
tomahawk from that wolf
body I'm a fool
[Music]
did the University send
you excuse me because if they did they
can get lost I have never been so
insulted in all my life really laugh
boulder dash un likee them actually what
are you doing are you quite certain
you're not a spy a spy those wretches
will do anything to destroy me my
theories are correct and I can prove it
what theories I am the leading amateur
paleontologist in the nation and not one
University will hire me because unlike
them I actually have
ideas you're a what I study dinosaurs
you know big lizards are they real of
course they're real you nck poop and
everywhere everywhere this state was
once a vast shallow sea that had the
most incredible animal that could walk
swim and fly quite
unique I call it totalis harus just for
now um I'm trying to gather all the
evidence is back Arthur good to meet you
uh could you give me a hand here please
of course
yeah listen if you find any of these
bones around the country send them to my
Homestead at furwood rise in Cumberland
forest or mail me the locations I'll
reward you handsomely for your
efforts sure
why not and we'll be proving a lot of
stuck up buffoons very very wrong which
trust me is the very best thing about
science good day to you
sir
well human I remember yours bone
hey
[Music]
boy there boy
you okay
boy just Mo the it's all good calm down
you better leave or I'll move you myself
just minding my own
business you open this door and I
promise you I'll close
it up
boy son of
a all right
enjoy your last
moment trying to walk away
give me that saler